adding new admin training (#1029)
usegalaxy-eu/website: _events/2022-07-04-Admin-Training_Freiburg.md

---
site: freiburg

> tags: [talk, training]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tags: [training]
```

> title: "2022 Galaxy Admin Training"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "2022 Galaxy Admin Training in Freiburg"
```

Reviewer: you can also commit here the suggestion directly :)

starts: 2022-07-04
ends: 2022-07-08
organiser:
  name: Albert Ludwig University of Freiburg
  email: galaxy@informatik.uni-freiburg.de
location:
  city: Freiburg
  region: Baden-Württemberg
  country: Germany
supporters:
- denbi
- elixir
- eurosciencegateway
- european commission
---

> **[Galaxy Admin Training](https://github.com/galaxyproject/dagobah-training)** will be organized from the **4th to the 8th of July 2022** at the **Albert Ludwig University of Freiburg**, where the **Galaxy Project** is running. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**A new [Galaxy Admin Training](https://github.com/galaxyproject/dagobah-training)** will be organized from the **4th to the 8th of July 2022** at the **Albert Ludwig University of Freiburg**. 
```

This workshop will cover [basic](https://github.com/galaxyproject/dagobah-training#basic-sessions)
and [advanced topics](https://github.com/galaxyproject/dagobah-training#advanced-sessions) As a prerequisite, it would be useful for you to know to: *set up your own production, high-performance and multi-user Galaxy instance*.  
The sessions, organized by experienced instructors from the Galaxy Community will be *intensive and hands-on*.
You will learn how to *install, configure, customize, and extend* your own Galaxy servers. 
The topics will include: *tool configuration, authentication and user management, using heterogeneous storage and 
compute services*, as well as many other topics that will enable you to get your own Galaxy server up and running, 
performing well, and being used by your community.

**Galaxy is an open web based platform for biomedical data integration and analysis. It is deployed at
large and small organizations around the world and used in a broad range of biomedical research domains,

> and across the tree of life.**

Reviewer: I think that I would remove this, it is basic information that people interested in the event should know

Reviewer 2: Agreed, we can remove this sentence.

Author: I think I removed it - can you still see it?

Reviewer: yes, it's still there

For more information please visit the [Galaxy hub](https://galaxyproject.org/events/2019-admin-training/).

> ![](https://galaxyproject.org/events/2019-admin-training/2019-admin-training-logo.png)

Reviewer: this is from the event in 2019, I would remove it as well
